Redirect page for `quilt+s3://` URLs (#4446)
quiltdata/quilt: docs/Catalog/URI.md

![Resolving URIs](../imgs/uri-resolve.png)

#### Redirects

> If your want to make a link to Quilt+ URI, but can't because of some limitations,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to invoke a Quilt+ URI via a standard HTTP URL, 
```

> you can use Catalog redirect page. For example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
you can use a redirect page from the Quilt catalog. For example:
```

> `https://your-catalog-host/redir/quilt%2Bs3%3A%2F%2Fquilt-example%23package%3Dakarve%2Fcord19%40e21682f00929661879633a5128aaa27cc7bc1e2973d49d4c868a90f9fad9f34b%26path%3DCORD19.ipynb`.

Reviewer: Is "your-catalog-host" the normal way we refer to the DNS name?
